
****Meaty or Vegetarian Foil Packets****
       INGREDIENTS
       1 meat to include: ground beef patty, ground turkey patty, ground venison, or veggie patty, frozen.
    	   Chicken breast, pork chop, turkey cutlet, or small steak, thawed
       1 slice onion
       1 small potato, sliced thin
       green pepper slices
       1 ear of corn
       1 plum tomato, sliced thick
       slice mushrooms
       dollops of cream soup, such as mushroom or celery dash(es)
       salt and pepper, to taste

      DIRECTIONS
      Oven set at 350 degrees.
      Large pieces of aluminum foil folded together.
      Tear off large pieces of heavy duty aluminum foil. Pinch together two sheets to make one big one.

      Corn, mushrooms, tomato, and meat in the foil.
      Place frozen patty or thawed meat on foil, season with salt and pepper. Add a slice of onion. 
	  Add the rest of the vegetables. Season with salt and pepper.
      Cream of mushroom soup dolloped on vegetables.
      Dollop straight from the can mushroom or other cream soup directly onto ingredients, using 1/4 can per foil packet.

      Aluminum foil sealed around vegetables and meat.
      Pinch up foil around ingredients and secure ends tightly.
      Foil packets on a baking sheet in the oven.
      Place in oven on a cookie sheet and bake for approximately 45 minutes to 1 hour.
	  The kitchen will have the wonderful smell of baking dinner to indicate it is probably finished baking.

       Foil packet opened with butter added.
       Remove from oven and carefully pull back the foil from around dinner and enjoy.
	   Season with more salt and pepper, butter and corn, if you want.
       Another seasoning can be used such as no salt, parsley, etc. 
	   Can be cooked on the grill or on hot coals, turning while cooking to prevent burning. Low-fat soups can be used.
	   Try something different by using half cream of mushroom or celery
	   Or half nacho cheese soup with the beef, turkey or veggie patty.